c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\bin\Debug\BancoCsharp.exe.config
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\bin\Debug\BancoCsharp.exe
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\bin\Debug\BancoCsharp.pdb
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\obj\Debug\BancoCsharp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\obj\Debug\BancoCsharp.Form1.resources
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\obj\Debug\BancoCsharp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\obj\Debug\BancoCsharp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\obj\Debug\BancoCsharp.exe
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\obj\Debug\BancoCsharp.pdb
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\bin\Debug\Npgsql.pdb
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\junior\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BancoCsharp\BancoCsharp\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
